Abab (#56)
SukkaW/nolyfill: README.md

## Development

Add the definition in `packages/data/es-shim-like/src/` or `packages/data/single-file/src/` and `create.ts` , then `npm run codegen`. Notice that rarely used package will not be added, and some packages which are just sub-deps also won't be added.

## Contributions

> when you `npm i` or anything else, get `Use your platform's native` and it's available at NodeJS <= 12, it's time to nolyfill it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when you `npm i` or anything else, get `Use your platform's native` and it's available at Node.js <= 12, it's time to nolyfill it.
```
